DRAFT - NOISSUE - Update daashboard docs (#58)
absmach/magistrala-docs: docs/user-guide/dashboards/controls.md

After creation, the switch appears with its configured **title** and **value name**.

- The default state is **OFF**.
- A user can toggle the switch to **ON**, sending a true command to the client.

![Switch Card OFF](../../img/dashboards/updated-switch.png)

---

### Edit the Switch Card

Click the pencil icon on the widget to open the Update Switch dialog.

Editable fields include:

- **Channel** - Change the assigned communication channel.
- **Client** - Select a different connected device.
- **Value Name** - Modify the controlled value.
- **Subtopic** - Modify the subtopic value.
- **Title** - Update the displayed title.

![Edit Switch Dialog](../../img/dashboards/edit-switch.png)

After updating the settings, click `Update` to apply the changes.

---

#### Using the Switch Card (ON State)

After editing, the switch can be toggled to the **ON** (**true**) state, sending a command to the connected device.

![Switch Card ON](../../img/dashboards/created-switch.png)

---

#### Switch Conclusion

Switch Cards are ideal for simple device control:

- Toggle ON/OFF commands
- Real-time interaction with devices
- Configurable titles, value names, and channels

## Slider Control

> The **Slider Card** allows a user to send numeric values to a connected device through a channel. It’s perfect for use cases such as adjusting **temperature**, **voltage**, or f**an speed**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Slider Card** allows a user to send numeric values to a connected device through a channel. It’s perfect for use cases such as adjusting **temperature**, **voltage**, or **fan speed**.
```
